I was the very first woman candidate
for representing our party
in the 2015 presidential election.
I received demeaning questions,
like: ”Can a woman
like this really take the role?”
or “Can she really talk politics
and leadership alongside
male candidates?”
Women are rarely given
the opportunity to make decisions
and then discriminated  against
as women when making them
When we visited the outskirts of the city
during the campaign,
people threw rocks at our cars
and our number plates were destroyed.
These days on the internet,
I see many instances of hate aimed
at women candidates.
Social media comments like:
”I want to change as well,
will you marry me?”
"Is it because
you don’t have a husband yet?"
”Do you think you’re that smart?”
Needless and hurtful comments.
Some people would create fake accounts
so they could troll me,
sending me rude and
inappropriate photos.